Update New-CsCallQueue.md (#11424)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsCallQueue.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -HideAuthorizedUsers

> This is a list of GUIDs of AuthorizedUsers who should not appear on the list of supervisors for the agents who are members of this queue.  The GUID should contain 32 digits with 4 dashes (xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a list of GUIDs of authorized users who should not appear on the list of supervisors for the agents who are members of this queue.  The GUID should contain 32 digits with 4 dashes (xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx). 
```
